welcome to slash forward this week we're
gonna dive deep into the darkness of
men's minds by observing some serial
killers as they go about their daily
business starting with Tony let's get to
it we open on Tony a sad boy wandering
the streets alone left to wonder if
he'll ever find what he's looking for we
see that his home life is grim and
despite this he maintains all the
typical pillars of masculinity violence
sex
whooping we also see that he is in his
own way able to forge and maintain
lasting social connections or do things
better karate or comfo I'll see you then
marceia tomorrow so that's good I mean
at least he's better than these two
gutter pigs right he enjoys his nibbles
as he takes in the show but his
attention is unappreciated and he's a
ejected from the facility for violating
social distancing rules he finds himself
at a phone booth casually perusing
available sex services when he meets
some stand-up blokes in need of some
change after this demonstration of
trustworthiness they agree to take him
to where he can score some drugs they
get there and walk into a somewhat
sketchy situation before connecting with
the man in charge who hooks them up and
where Tony finds a precious treasure to
tuck away into his memory for later now
flush with smack he invites his pals to
his flat where he struggles with some of
the social niceties he offers them a
selection from his cornucopia of action
films and honestly his taste is
impeccable however they forego this out
of an honest eagerness to get blasted
and they make this stuff look glamorous
as they drift off to Dreamland Tony
helps to ensure it's a one-way ticket
with a permanent stay he ends up letting
his best best friend live with a warning
but forces him to watch from the closet
as he redecorate his mancave
the junkie hops out of the closet and
tries to escape which isn't very
friendly but if he doesn't truly want to
be there why force it later we see Tony
prowling the streets seeking beers and
company in the most noisy possible
locations but it works because he wakes
up with a bunk buddy to keep him company
as he proceeds through his day we
learned that he's sha shaking the bodies
out of his flat disposing of them bit by
bit into the river
he's visited by a neighbor who's cut her
finger and is searching for a spare
plaster Tony invites her and intends to
her needs which is kind of nice they
have a brief conversation and despite
his demeanor she invites him to lunch on
Sunday with a
perhaps motivated by this warm
interaction we then find Tony at the
employment office where his agent isn't
sure what to do with him
he hasn't held a job in 20 years but
they want him off Jobseeker's Allowance
now that he's on their radar they forced
him to go to an interview for a job he
doesn't want under threat of rescinding
his benefits despite his awkward and
unpleasant manner he basically nails the
interview because his situation allows
the tan owner to force him to settle for
starting as an unpaid intern working
12-hour shifts I mean who would have
thought that this guy was into
exploitation of course his job is
counterproductive as holding the sign in
the Sun for 12 hours bronzes him right
up reminding everyone why they don't
need a tanning service under stress from
these new responsibilities he dives deep
into the world of pornography and sex
work although the price list proves to
be a bit above his pay grade he did the
font pen and he's unnervingly concerned
with her sexual history so he gets
thrown out and gets frustrated that he
didn't get a chance to bust predictably
he ends up at his reliable spot where it
doesn't take much to attract attention
he and his potential new paramour meet
up the loo to talk about dance technique
and Alex introduces himself with a
pre-wash handshake demonstrating his
comfort with touch and dicks he's lured
back into the nest where they get to
druggin but alex is much more assertive
than his normal boys forcing cuddles and
punch dancing Tony runs off distressed
but Alex takes this as a signal to
prepare himself in the bedroom he's
distracted by the contents of the closet
and gets pounded the next morning finds
that one guy looking for his son Davey
he sees Tony and it instantly flips his
switch assuming the weirdo must have
done something after their encounter
Tony has to go home to talk himself up a
bit to replenish his self-esteem
the father arrives at his flat to
apologise and begins pleading with him
to get his son back but Tony turns him
away he's then visited by an official
running checks for derelicts with out of
date licenses for their Telly's Tony
insists that he only watched his videos
and refuses to sign the summons so the
official goes to put a boot on the TV
Tony stops him and in the process
demonstrates that he doesn't respect the
tap the next day he gets a visit from
detective Reynolds who he welcomes in
the detectives subjects him to several
questions which revolve around the
matter of the missing boy where was you
at knowing murder in but not the boy
Reynolds goes off to find the source of
a necrotic stench in this tense moment
Tony hears him take a call which
confirms that little Davey has been
found he watches the sweet reunion from
his windowsill and with the boy found
and the matter resolved everything goes
back to
which for Tony involves murdering folks
on the regular and that was Tony
released in 2009 it provides a tense and
provocative first-hand account from a
cyclists perspective I'll be it light on
story if you enjoy the video I'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching